 Heat wave will intensify and expand this weekend
A person cools off in a water fountain by the Hudson River as a heat wave hits the northeast US on June 20, 2024 in New York. Most of the United States will experience hotter than normal weather throughout the summer, from July to September, a US government agency predicted Thursday, as a large part of the country sizzled in the first heat wave of the year. (Photo by Yuki IWAMURA / AFP)
These cities are expected to approach or eclipse record temperatures over the next three days
How to prevent heatstroke and other heat-related emergencies
CNN meteorologist explains why nationwide heat wave is abnormal 2:47
Opinion Amid deadly heat, why is critical climate research halted?
The planet is getting hotter fast. This is what happens to your body in extreme heat
Muslim pilgrims hold umbrellas to shield from the glaring sun as they gather on the plain of Arafat during Hajj on June 15.
Hajj pilgrimage death toll soars as worshipers perish in the extreme heat
CNN debate, June 27 at 9 p.m. ET
20240621-T-B_SPLIT.jpg
1:31
‘I’m not underestimating him’: Trump ahead of debate with Biden
WASHINGTON, DC - OCTOBER 18: U.S. President Joe Biden speaks at a Democratic National Committee event at the Howard Theatre on October 18, 2022 in Washington, DC. With three weeks until election day, in his remarks Biden highlighted issues pertaining to women’s reproductive health and promised to codify access to abortion. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)
Opinion
Melinda French Gates explains why this election desperately matters
Joe Biden and Donald Trump.
How Biden and Trump are preparing for their first presidential debate
US District Court Judge Aileen Cannon and former President Donald Trump.
‘That sounds very ominous’: Judge Aileen Cannon pushes Trump’s lawyer to explain claim special counsel is part of a ‘shadow government’
In this photo released by the Taiwan Coast Guard, a Taiwan Coast Guard member monitors a Chinese navy vessel operating near the Pengjia Islet north of Taiwan on Thursday, May 23, 2024.
Analysis
China could take Taiwan without even needing to invade, a think tank warns. Here’s how
This photo composite shows former President Donald Trump with, from top left, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum, Sen. Marco Rubio, Sen. JD Vance, Sen. Tim Scott, Rep. Elise Stefanik, former HUD Secretary Ben Carson, former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, Sen. Tom Cotton and former Rep. Tulsi Gabbard.
These are Trump’s potential picks for VP
Judge Judy on what she thinks about Trump 1:48
Trump’s campaign is relishing the juxtaposition with Biden’s debate prep style
Opinion The Supreme Court recognizes we have a right not to be shot
NOW PLAYING
CNN Headlines
Watch the latest CNN Headlines
1-mike-and-amy-nov-2022-photo-by-Kelli-Gase.jpg
She got on a flight to visit her boyfriend. Here’s what happened when she kissed the man sitting next to her
Nudists love the freedom of no clothes, but there are rules
See summer solstice at Stonehenge days after it was vandalized 1:04
At 8 years old, he was more than 6 feet tall. He’s about to become the tallest college basketball player ever
Florida man’s dangerous stunt shocks onlookers. See the moment 0:38
Justin Timberlake addresses his DWI arrest at his first concert since
Video shows surprising way homeowner chased off intruder 0:51
Not your mom’s wedding dress: Gen-Z consumers are changing the bridal fashion business
Wombat walker wanted: Australia needs help looking after its cutest residents
More top stories
CNN Exclusive Paul Whelan surpasses 2,000 days in Russian custody. He wants the US to take his case ‘more seriously’
‘We can’t let right-wing, racist, MAGA Republicans buy this election:’ A New York race heats up over Israel 4:24
Russia’s shifting tactics put unprecedented pressure on Ukraine’s already hobbled power system
A couple drowns in a Florida rip current while vacationing with their children, authorities say
TikTok removes new feature after CNN producer’s alarming discovery 2:47
Can I even buy a car? What to know about the massive auto dealer outage
Edmonton extends quest for first Stanley Cup in decades with Game 6 blowout
Boebert is running for Congress in this GOP primary. Hear what voters from the district think 3:19
Red Cross says at least 22 killed as strike hits displaced civilians in Gaza
Crime and investigations
Police are seen at the scene of a shooting in Fordyce, Arkansas, on June 21, 2024.
Panicked Arkansas grocery store shoppers hid in freezer and ran for cover during shooting that killed 3 and wounded 10
Massachusetts family sues school district, employees after a third grader was restrained multiple times
Dramatic video captures smash-and-grab jewelry robbery 0:54
Woman files wrongful death lawsuit against Mexican resort travel companies after husband was electrocuted in hot tub
Judge denies Alec Baldwin’s motion to dismiss involuntary manslaughter charges in ‘Rust’ shooting
David DePape found guilty of five state charges in Paul Pelosi attack
CNN Podcasts
CNN 5 Good Things - Wide
5-year-old becomes youngest to get a bionic arm
Chasing Life - Wide
Dr. Anthony Fauci on what kept him focused on a career of saving lives
Week in review
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - JUNE 16: Brooke Shields attends the 77th Annual Tony Awards at David H. Koch Theater at Lincoln Center on June 16, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images)
Look of the Week
Brooke Shields makes no apologies for her red carpet Crocs
Summer Quiz 15% of readers who took CNN’s summer quiz got 8 or more questions right. How will you do?
Extreme close-up of a US swimmer. Clouds hover over the Andes Mountains. The week in photos
Check this out
EASTER ISLAND, CHILE: Picture of some of the 390 abandoned huge statues (moais in Rapa Nui language), in the hillside of the Rano Raraku volcano in Easter Island, 3700 km off the coast of Chile, 12 February 2005. The Chilean island, located in the Polynesian archipielago, has many archeological sites and its Rapa Nui National Park is included on UNESCO's World Heritage Site list since 1995. AFP PHOTO/MARTIN BERNETTI (Photo credit should read MARTIN BERNETTI/AFP via Getty Images)
Satellite imagery may provide a missing puzzle piece in Easter Island saga
Jupiter’s Great Red Spot, as seen from a Juno flyby in 2018. The Red Spot we see today is likely not the same one famously observed by Cassini in the 1600s, according to a new Geophysical Research Letters paper. Credit: Enhanced Image by Gerald Eichstadt and Sean Doran
Jupiter’s Great Red Spot is different from what an Italian astronomer observed in 1665
0:54
Video shows nearly 20 suspects using hammers in $2M jewelry heist
iss071e170983 (June 6, 2024) -- Boeing's Starliner spacecraft, with NASA astronauts Butch Wilmore and Suni Williams aboard, approaches the International Space Station for an autonomous docking as it orbited 257 miles above the South Pacific Ocean.
NASA has again delayed Boeing Starliner’s return to Earth
CNN Business


Shoppers walking across the plaza at the Northland Center shopping mall in Southfield, a suburb of Detroit, Michigan, circa 1955.
The sneaky, smart reasons malls have no windows
Under Armour to pay $434 million to settle lawsuit over sales disclosures
Teamsters President Sean O’Brien to speak at Republican National Convention
CNN Underscored
Best-in-class
best neck fans 20204 badge cnnu.jpg
A neck fan is the easiest way to keep cool in a heatwave. We tested a bunch to find the best one
Hate getting into a hot car? These are the 12 best car sun shades to use this summer
How to choose the best grill in 2024: We tested gas, charcoal and pellet grills
These 40 cooling products work almost as well as your AC to beat the summer heat
Forget the expensive air conditioner — try one of these powerful cooling fans instead
Editors' picks


Best-Multi-tools-cnnu-14.jpg
We tested 14 multitools. Here are the 2 that are actually worth your money
How to make shoes more comfortable, according to podiatrists
The best portable chargers of 2024, tried and tested
The famous Dyson hair dryer is at an all-time low price while stocks last
I tried the Keurig for cocktails — and now it’s my go-to for parties and get-togethers
Expert-backed guides
062124reilead.jpg
REI just launched its July 4th sale and there are some seriously good discounts
The best sales to shop this weekend: Yeti, Dyson, Vornado and more
The new LG C4 OLED TVs are already on sale, now up to $700 off at Amazon
The 10 best savings accounts that will give you the highest return
Take control of your credit card debt with these balance transfer cards
Food and Home
All it takes is a few simple recipes (and a sunny day!) for laid-back barbecues and breezy alfresco family meals to come together with ease.
Easy grilling recipes to keep in your back pocket
Whether you’re hosting a small backyard barbecue or a big summer bash, these recipes are a must.
Cookout salads you need to make this summer
Potting soil won’t work in your garden, and garden soil won’t work in your pots. Here’s why.
The difference between potting soil and garden soil
Opinion


NASHVILLE, TN - AUGUST 01: Dolly Parton: Pure & Simple Benefiting The Opry Trust Fund at Ryman Auditorium on August 1, 2015 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Rick Diamond/Getty Images)
If Dolly Parton can be canceled, we’re in serious trouble
The disasters coming our way
Melinda French Gates: Why this election desperately matters
SE Cupp: Chuck Schumer’s burger fiasco 3:40
Ten Commandments in every classroom?
Don’t focus on bracing for a Trump win
Call it ‘Make America Chaste Again’
Entertainment


Kendrick Lamar, Tinashe, Billie Eilish and Sabrina Carpenter.
These hits are battling it out to be the song of the summer
Kevin Costner confirms he won’t return to ‘Yellowstone’
Actor Donald Sutherland has died
Austin Butler was so starstruck he ‘couldn’t even say hello’ to Ryan Gosling
Review Jessica Alba leaps back into action mode with ‘Trigger Warning’
The ‘Kinds of Kindness’ cast explain the cruel, violent and sexy imagination of Yorgos Lanthimos: ‘He’s actually a nice guy’
Travel


Raymond Zhang, Walking on the Palette, 2024. David Wolf Kaye Future Potential Award.JPG
Award-winning images show our planet in peril
This city has been ranked the most expensive for expats in 2024
Bird strike: What happens when a plane collides with a bird?
The country where it’s still 2016
Prime minister hitches ride on commercial plane after jet breaks down
A weaker dollar, skyrocketing prices and ‘record’ visitor numbers: Good luck in Europe this summer
Style


Jack-Booth-Polaroid-1.jpg
Vintage polaroids of prisoners paint an intimate picture of womanhood and identity
Team USA’s new Olympic uniforms revealed
A pioneering artist once planted two acres of wheat in New York City as an act of rebellion. Now, a new field rises
Move over diamonds, these little-known gemstones are heating up
How a humble Indian fabric became a symbol of luxury in 1960s America
An ‘unreal’ flamingo image won an AI award. The only catch? It’s a real photograph
Science and health
Social media’s message about the sun and sunscreen: ‘It’s frightening’
2 astronauts wait to come home as Boeing races to understand spacecraft issues. What’s at stake
How to exercise when it’s too hot outside
Researchers have found a ‘clear genetic trigger for obesity’ that applies to some people
Microplastics discovered in human penises for the first time
World


A major failure of the Transmission System caused a power outage in numerous towns in Croatia on June 21, 2024. Split, Zadar and Omis remained without electricity. A special collapse occured in Split, Croatia where the traffic lights were not working which caused chaos in traffic throughout the city. The sirens of the emergency services were heard all around the city. The interruption of electricity supply affected several countries. The blackouts were in Montenegro, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and Albania. Photo: Ivo Cagalj/PIXSELL/Sipa USA(Sipa via AP Images)
Power outage hits Balkan states as heat overloads system, minister says
Putin threatens to arm North Korea if the West continues to supply weapons to Ukraine
Far-right Israeli minister sets out plan to prevent West Bank from becoming part of a Palestinian state
Israeli military official says Hamas cannot be destroyed, as rift with Netanyahu widens
Politics


Former President Donald Trump speaks at The People's Convention hosted by Turning Point Action at The Huntington Place in Detroit, MI on June 15, 2024.
Trump says he wants foreign nationals who graduate from US colleges to ‘automatically’ receive green cards
Justice Samuel Alito absent from Supreme Court session for second day in a row
Fake elector case in Nevada dismissed over venue question, state attorney general vows appeal
Steve Bannon makes longshot request to Supreme Court to avoid prison
US


Single-family homes in a residential neighborhood in Aldie, Virginia, US, on Wednesday, May 22, 2024.
US home prices just hit a record high. Americans are still buying
Court reverses judge’s block of some Obamacare no-cost preventive care coverage mandates nationwide
LA County declines to charge man recorded attacking pro-Palestine protesters at UCLA, refers case to city attorney’s office
Washington Post will not bring in Robert Winnett as its top editor after report raised ethical questions
CNN podcasts


CNN 5 Good Things - Wide
5-year-old becomes youngest to get a bionic arm
Political Briefing logo
Biden’s immigration whiplash
The Assignment with Audie Cornish - Wide
What does it mean for a news story to matter?
Basketball on B/R


BROOKLYN, NY - MARCH 29: Alex Caruso #6 of the Chicago Bulls shoots the ball during the game against the Brooklyn Nets on March 29, 2024 at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE via Getty Images)
Bulls trade starter, former NBA champ
Jun 14, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; JJ Redick looks on before game four of the 2024 NBA Finals between the Boston Celtics and the Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Peter Casey-USA TODAY Sports
Lakers hire next head coach
Zaccharie Risacher of JL Bourg-en-Bresse during the Betclic Elite Playoffs Quarter Final match between Nanterre and Bourg en Bresse at Palais des Sports Maurice Thorez on May 18, 2024 in Nanterre, France. (Photo by Dave Winter/Icon Sport via Getty Images)
Updated NBA mock draft 1 week out
Sports


Wayne Gretzky's hockey stick sells for $336K
Wayne Gretzky’s hockey stick sells for $336K
Caitlin Clark reveals injury she suffered earlier this month
Video: Car flips after scary crash
Video: Sha’Carri Richardson wins 100m in 1st round of Olympic Trials
Video
frying pan0.jpg
0:51
‘Fight or flight’: Video shows homeowner chasing off intruder with frying pan
Brain scan from one of Dr. Richard Isaacson’s Alzheimer’s patients who has shown an improvement in brain volume.
1:49
Dr. Gupta breaks down differences between age-related memory loss and dementia
<p>CNN's Victor Blackwell speaks with soul legend Patti Labelle about how she managed to perform in spite of discrimination. The CNN special event: "Juneteenth, Celebrating Freedrom and Legacy" airs at 10PM Wednesday. </p>
1:07
Patti LaBelle reflects on discrimination early in her career
thumb.jpg
2:03
Ever wonder how hurricanes are named? CNN’s meteorologist explains
Paid Content
More from CNN
CNN presidential debate on June 27 at 9 p.m. ET
Donald Trump and Joe Biden participate in the final 2020 presidential debate, moderated by NBC News anchor Kristen Welker at Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee, on October 22, 2020.
Biden and Trump campaigns agreed to mic muting, podiums among rules for upcoming CNN debate
still_20705675_1847270_still.jpg
4:26
They were once rivals. Rubio is now helping Trump with debate prep
President Joe Biden listens during a campaign event with former President Barack Obama moderated by Jimmy Kimmel at the Peacock Theater, Saturday, June 15, 2024, in Los Angeles.
Analysis
Biden targets Trump’s conviction as tensions ramp up ahead of debate
Tech


OpenAI's ChatGPT website is displayed on a laptop screen in February 2023.
Mayor AI? OpenAI shuts down tools for two AI political candidates
(L-R) Apple CEO Tim Cook; OpenAI CEO Sam Altman.
The complicated partnership between Apple and OpenAI
A 'Drive-Thru' lane at a McDonald's Corp. fast food restaurant in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S., on Wednesday, Oct. 20, 2021.
McDonald’s pulls AI ordering from drive-thrus — for now
Photos
stormsingles__85A4484.jpg
A storm chaser captures the ‘incredible raw power’ of Mother Nature
A look inside New York’s historic artist lofts, the last of their kind.
A look inside New York’s historic artist lofts, the last of their kind
Environmental protesters spray Stonehenge with orange powder paint, in Wiltshire, Britain, June 19, 2024, in this screengrab taken from a video. Just Stop Oil/via REUTERS THIS IMAGE HAS BEEN SUPPLIED BY A THIRD PARTY. MANDATORY CREDIT. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
Gallery
The week in 34 photos
01-_88A4179.jpg.JPG
This all-migrant soccer team is chasing a dream together
Paid Partner Content
More from CNN Coupons
The exterior of a Macy's department store is seen at the Landmark Mall on January 5, 2017, in Arlington, Virginia. - Investors hammered retailers early January 5, 2017 as US stocks opened near flat following reports of disappointing holiday sales from department stores Macy's and Kohl's. Macy's slumped 12.8 percent and Kohl's 17.2 after both reported lower sales in the critical November-December period. Macy's also said it plans to cut as many as 10,100 jobs in a response to the decline of shopping in stores due to the rise of e-commerce. (Photo by Andrew CABALLERO-REYNOLDS / AFP) (Photo credit should read ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP/Getty Images)
Stand out with discounts at Macy’s
Photo by: STRF/STAR MAX/IPx 2021 10/9/21 DoorDash delivery bike is seen in Manhattan.
Work up an appetite for the latest DoorDash discounts
The Walmart logo is seen outside a Walmart store in Burbank, California on August 15, 2022. - Walmart, the largest retailer the United States, will report second quarter earnings on August 16, 2022. (Photo by Robyn Beck / AFP) (Photo by ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty Images)
Everyday savings are around the corner at Walmart
In case you missed it
The Supreme Court is seen on Thursday, June 13, 2024, in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein)
Supreme Court upholds law barring domestic abusers from owning guns
Opinion The results of DEI have been abysmal
Alleged rape of 12-year-old Jewish girl sparks antisemitism outcry in France
Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt went from ‘Domestic Bliss’ to divorce: Inside their ongoing multi-year legal feud
Death of Indian farm worker in Italy sparks outrage
Italian soccer legend Roberto Baggio suffers head injuries from armed break-in at his home
Europe’s richest man liked this Paris bistro so much his company bought it
Kylian Mbappé stays on bench following broken nose as France draws with Netherlands at Euro 2024
Kate and the kids wish Prince William a happy birthday with fun family photo

















